hello it's Ruby and today it is the day
before Easter which is quite exciting
it's currently called past three and
I've been working today at the moment
I'm just going through some chemistry
questions for acids bases and buffers
which is really useful
[Music]
you
melting the chocolate snacking on
something to you good morning and happy
Easter so I've got some Easter eggs here
outside my door
I've got a cadburys many eggs a linked
chocklit bunny and and this really nice
chocolate lint Easter egg so um my dad's
just making some breakfast and I've just
written my to-do list so this is my
to-do list of things to do today I'm
hoping that
[Music]
you
so I made an Easter egg hunt for my
cousins and this is one of the clues I
basically put it in a glass of water and
froze it so that they would have to
crack the ice if they were going to
technically
you
I'm here with auntie and with a throwing
a lot together it's nice to yellow
Easter yellow and I am here with alpha
and alpha has featured well on the
famous birthdays major so I'm just doing
the Easter egg hunt clues everywhere
ready for the hunt
so my first one is going in the medicine
cabinet
you know gonna check these ones I'm
gonna tell you you've gone past the book
so Alfie was the one to pick up the book
which has the clear winner
I found it it was when mama
captured sleeves I love Jason leaves EDC
[Music]
oh yeah can you say Oh No
it was an anagram as well
[Music]
Wow Alfie's anyone still going you got
it so we got back from my cousins at
about 640 and now it's 8:00 and I've
just been doing some sa plans the RS I
started them whilst I was at my
grandparents house no no
[Music]
so I'm printing up some chemistry
worksheets to do for the last hour
before I stop walk at night
I thought I just going to give you an
outlet of the tables on printing so I
decided to wear this yellow hello and we
have which I got from Amazon they were
wearing this Japanese dress so it's just
like a picnic dress and this is from
Jonny Bowden and I just put a white polo
shirt underneath this one is from ping I
believe that's that's the name of it and
I got it in a charity shop for about 50
pence and it's really comfortable and I
really like it and then I am wearing a
Jonny Bowden yellow cardigan which is so
spring ask and it makes me very happy
and as you saw my auntie and I were
matching so we both like rain yellow